# CPlusPlus-

The project three zip file includes four documents for the project, a text file with information for the python file to collect, a python code with data retrival functions, the main c++ program that connects to python to pull data and create the user menu and the executable file.  The project is a grocery list that has item data on a text file, that requires you to pull the data and count the number of times each item is listed.  The c++ creates a menu for the user and prompts the user to enter input to see what items were included and how many times they appeared.  

This being the final project for CS-210 at SNHU, I felt the most comfortable writing code for this project.  With the number of times I have created a menu that the main function called, that portion was simple and quick, the hard part was seperating which parts on the code I needed in c++ and python.  I had to look for refreshers on how to pull files in python and remember the sytnax in python which I havent worked in for roughly two years.  Once I got the hang of python again, the project started to come together pretty smoothly.  A couple of things that I could have added to the code to make it better would be more formatting and cleaner presentation.  I worked within the guidelines of the project, but adding a little more usability would go a long way.  The idea of combining two languanges together is a great coding skill to learn and I know I have just scratched the surface.  Learning how to write the code to pull the data from python will be the next step in learning how to combine the two.  The program can be very adaptable, code can be aded to work with the c++ menu with additional python functions doing different tasks.  The code I created has plenty of comments, making it readable and easy to maintain if I ever need to use it again in the future.
